had to get to question 5 so that
the press conference before the duel
in front of dortmund is to talk about
party this Wednesday in the same the
Real Madrid coach confirmed that Karim
benzema does not reach the shock in front of the
Germans and subsequently stated that
varan will start against borussia
and justified to whom I have to
justify or be the club
my justification is that day before
our party to acts this for
work this to give me to concentrate
this to think about what I have to
think
I have already been told that
some criticisms came
if I go to the act to meditate on criticism
of the same because he went to the act of going and
even though
instead of thinking about the match
I was thinking about karime acts
parked
graces is what you have affection
you are french do not invent now questions
of center field but they will arrive holder
let's talk let's talk about karime then what
is what has a muscle problem in
the adductor also josé mourinho affirmed
the dortmund is a serious candidate
I do not care about winning the champions
three quarters ahead I worry
the whole team in general is a last
team is not by chance that we won
two leagues in
in germany more for case than this
leader in this group that is the most
difficult is a very strong team in
counterattack in transitions you have
reason you know well and is a very team
strong
creative players fast players
but at the same time players
physically very very strong very direct
very good team for me
this team passes
to the eighth finals that is fine
positioned to get it but if
ends up going to the last eight is
for me a candidate team to be able
win the competition